okay now we cross over to mold jack was
going to tell us what's been happening
with the elections around the country
take it away more Jack Thank You Lori
I've been covering the election so far
and I've been to a couple of the rallies
and they've been quite interesting I
first went to the ANC rally at FNB
Stadium which was packed
unlike when Chiefs and pirates play
there Jacob Zuma was standing and
addressing the crowd wearing his finest
leathers as far as I'm concerned I can't
take anyone seriously who is the same
jacket as Mendoza Jacob Zuma also made a
plea to the people to live in a non
racial society who do not want to go
back to the era of racism and in two
seconds later Julius Malema said he is
for the whites it seems these guys on
the same page just from different books
a bit like Emily Bronte's Wuthering
Heights and heat magazine
Laura also had the opportunity to go to
the DA rally which was held in Alexandra
for the novelty I guess it's a bit like
drinking at kitchen isn't brown Fontaine
and telling people you're in the CBD
trying to get some street cred we don't
believe you
in fact I were feeling that if the DA
wins they're going to tell all the black
voters it hit deep you see that camera
over there you hear you can shocked my
coward
I was still running this week Roy
they've also been a bunch of independent
candidates who have sprouted up all over
the place like Togo and Gina from acting
to politics don't you think acting is
politics and I totally believe her one
day Jacob is saying this next thing he
has changed his mind
another candidate who has popped up is
Alfred um Bella who instructions compact
sidekick known for saying famous lines
like hey and doing crazy things like
jumping out of suitcases I definitely
trust him with my vote as you can see
Roy these upcoming elections are
star-studded and we can't wait to see
who wins I all said the opportunity
interviewing some people on the street
to find out what they thought about what
was going on I show yep no 150 a
I'm not a enough violence and ie7
151 chef chef chef Joe McIver Sarah how
you doing sir I know good today I'm all
right dear what it means it what's your
name my name is the day rider aka stash
- pahis super 8 yeah
oppa 8 how is the election they've been
for you I'm an election tears been
better glad cause now what I'm making
this money you know everybody everybody
when I come here like you know almost
like a pattern right from day one cup
same thing for the election Bob sure do
you charge different prices yes a touch
different past obvious for the people
for da the Caucasian people that stupid
so now some of them 50 people then back
and see us they know we're together in
this day we're pushing the private free
of charge what do you want fixed in your
neighborhood
number one the thing that I I won six in
my neighborhood is that you know that
that Portola that proton is always
messing up my site door every time I
throw the dog haha
it makes a noise okay yeah I how you sir
I'm in my prime not good what's wrong
see I didn't vote today because you see
what happened to me money see there's
too many colored people in the Western
Cape so we move we spread so me I took
my family you came to trouble but I
realized I'm digit in Cape Town so I
didn't vote today so what are you under
government to do for you what I one
thing to buy me a ticket not a plastic
at a plane ticket I want to go back to
Cape Town and vote and then bring my
check this out check it for this getting
cold up in here okay what do you do for
a living well you do you know some okay
all right I don't need to exactly tell
you what I do you know what I'm saying
because we talk about the elections now
you're getting a bit carried away I'm
just angry about these things Jimmy man
is my sup I don't I don't like what's
happened yet I don't want to be a joke
calm down calm down
don't um about calm down okay okay let's
just stick to the topic what do you want
the government to do for you what I want
them to give me a ride to the airport so
I can get on the plane and then go back
to the Western Cape vote then come back
see mellitus that's it
well in the future I'd hope to start a
car wash so how is your voting
experience no no III didn't vote what
why not because I'm hip
it's a you know they say you know in a
democratic place voter apathy is a sign
of a good Democrat so I guess I'm very
sure living living in these surroundings
good on the street a provide values are
very high tourists are coming here all
the time
in fact I'm selling my property here
it's great this is great as Paulo thank
you
where you gonna move to somewhere better
I will maybe I don't want to say better
about somewhere you know cuz I do not
get food ready for this thing
okay good living of two bedrooms a you
know to compare a garage there if you
want to pave him outside do not on the
street Nestle Mandela's they they just
want due to airport with Mandela so with
some our elections not selling your
house what are you on the government to
do for you nothing they've done
everything there to prove them same
government and very much this has been
another mo Jack on the beat back to you
Lloyd and cut a cheetah
can I do that line about free shuttle
color no mo Jack no you can't say that
no all right that's a wrap boys